With season four of Demon Slayer just around the corner, I'm sure many people would foam at the mouth at the opportunity to get a preview of things to come, especially after the emotionally intense finale of season three. Thankfully, Anime News Network was able to check out the red carpet premiere of this new installment, the Hashira Training Arc, in New York City.

The event included special guests Natsuki Hanae, the Japanese voice of Tanjiro Kamado, Hiro Shimono, and Aleks Le, the Japanese and English voices of Zenitsu Agatsuma, respectively, and Demon Slayer producer Yūma Takahashi. Walking down the red carpet, they all made it clear that they were making the most of their time in New York, enjoying the food and the sites. My favorite part of the event was watching Le be star-struck over getting to take photos with Hiro Shimono. But Natsuki Hanae, Hiro Shimono, and Yūma Takahashi clarified that they also wanted to ensure that fans could fully enjoy what Demon Slayer has in store for them next.

There wasn't much time for questions, but I asked the Japanese guests what they hoped fans would take away from this film. After jokingly being scared of my Muzan cosplay, they collectively agreed that the overall animation quality and presentation has always been a sight to behold. While Demon Slayer is, for the most part, a televised series that you can watch on most digital devices, Hanae noted how viewers can appreciate the spectacle on display when they watch it on a big screen.

Hanae's point was evident in the first half of the Hashira Arc "film," as this premiere was just two longer-than-usual episodes stitched together. The first half was the finale of season three, while the second half was the first episode of season four. Re-watching the finale of season four in a theater filled to the brim with people elicited stronger emotions than watching the finale by myself at home. This franchise still exudes movie-quality animation at times that complements sitting in a packed theater.